 Retrying in 1 seconds
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1, score: -20.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 2, score: 9.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 3, score: 16.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 4, score: 14.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 5, score: -12.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 6, score: 17.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 7, score: -6.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 8, score: 2.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 9, score: 16.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 10, score: 4.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 11, score: -16.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 12, score: -12.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 13, score: 13.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 14, score: -3.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 15, score: 22.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 16, score: -3.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 17, score: 15.55
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 18, score: -5.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 19, score: 14.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 20, score: 1.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 21, score: 0.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 22, score: 25.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 23, score: 8.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 24, score: 1.17
learn
saving models
average score: 4
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 25, score: 21.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 26, score: 5.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 27, score: -9.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 28, score: -9.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 29, score: 6.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 30, score: -14.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 31, score: 11.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 32, score: -9.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 33, score: 3.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 34, score: 3.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 35, score: 4.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 36, score: 13.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 37, score: 6.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 38, score: -14.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 39, score: 12.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 40, score: 18.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 41, score: 13.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 42, score: 5.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 43, score: 4.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 44, score: 17.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 45, score: -5.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 46, score: 5.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 47, score: 13.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 48, score: 3.19
learn
saving models
average score: 5
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 49, score: 13.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 50, score: -3.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 51, score: 18.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 52, score: 20.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 53, score: 19.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 54, score: 7.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 55, score: 22.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 56, score: 18.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 57, score: -9.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 58, score: 2.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 59, score: 8.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 60, score: 3.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 61, score: 13.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 62, score: 10.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 63, score: 8.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 64, score: 17.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 65, score: -3.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 66, score: -7.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 67, score: 12.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 68, score: 11.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 69, score: 1.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 70, score: 15.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 71, score: -1.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 72, score: 19.47
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 73, score: -14.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 74, score: 1.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 75, score: -31.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 76, score: -6.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 77, score: -15.78
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 78, score: -2.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 79, score: 20.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 80, score: 15.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 81, score: 11.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 82, score: 17.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 83, score: 3.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 84, score: 14.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 85, score: 18.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 86, score: 6.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 87, score: 18.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 88, score: 1.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 89, score: 9.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 90, score: 9.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 91, score: 15.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 92, score: 10.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 93, score: 19.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 94, score: 21.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 95, score: 15.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 96, score: 12.44
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 97, score: 6.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 98, score: 8.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 99, score: 17.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 100, score: 18.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 101, score: 2.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 102, score: 15.36
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 103, score: 4.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 104, score: 2.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 105, score: 11.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 106, score: 14.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 107, score: 22.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 108, score: 17.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 109, score: 14.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 110, score: 11.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 111, score: 7.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 112, score: 13.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 113, score: 10.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 114, score: 17.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 115, score: 2.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 116, score: 7.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 117, score: -16.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 118, score: 10.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 119, score: 17.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 120, score: -1.51
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 121, score: 19.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 122, score: -4.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 123, score: 3.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 124, score: -4.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 125, score: 1.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 126, score: 19.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 127, score: 8.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 128, score: 14.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 129, score: 1.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 130, score: -2.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 131, score: 15.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 132, score: 10.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 133, score: 21.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 134, score: 10.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 135, score: 14.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 136, score: 11.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 137, score: -1.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 138, score: 14.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 139, score: 6.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 140, score: 10.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 141, score: 13.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 142, score: -10.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 143, score: 4.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 144, score: 21.85
learn
saving models
average score: 8
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 145, score: 8.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 146, score: 2.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 147, score: 20.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 148, score: -9.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 149, score: 8.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 150, score: 5.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 151, score: 28.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 152, score: 18.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 153, score: 14.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 154, score: 17.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 155, score: -0.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 156, score: 20.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 157, score: 12.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 158, score: 5.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 159, score: 9.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 160, score: 17.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 161, score: 9.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 162, score: 9.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 163, score: 18.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 164, score: 6.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 165, score: -7.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 166, score: -0.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 167, score: 13.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 168, score: 19.06
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 169, score: 5.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 170, score: 14.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 171, score: -9.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 172, score: -3.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 173, score: 12.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 174, score: -6.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 175, score: 7.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 176, score: 12.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 177, score: 13.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 178, score: 17.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 179, score: 18.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 180, score: 0.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 181, score: 13.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 182, score: 5.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 183, score: -9.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 184, score: 10.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 185, score: 2.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 186, score: 11.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 187, score: 4.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 188, score: 6.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 189, score: -6.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 190, score: 13.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 191, score: -1.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 192, score: 1.60
learn
saving models
average score: 6
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 193, score: 22.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 194, score: 4.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 195, score: -12.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 196, score: 26.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 197, score: -0.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 198, score: 19.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 199, score: -0.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 200, score: 15.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 201, score: 15.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 202, score: 19.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 203, score: 13.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 204, score: 9.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 205, score: 24.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 206, score: 33.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 207, score: -1.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 208, score: -2.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 209, score: 6.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 210, score: 16.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 211, score: 2.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 212, score: 21.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 213, score: 22.55
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 214, score: 12.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 215, score: -5.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 216, score: 3.50
learn
saving models
average score: 11
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 217, score: 12.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 218, score: 23.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 219, score: 8.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 220, score: -2.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 221, score: 30.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 222, score: -7.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 223, score: 22.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 224, score: -6.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 225, score: -2.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 226, score: -7.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 227, score: -0.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 228, score: -2.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 229, score: 8.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 230, score: 14.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 231, score: 20.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 232, score: 18.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 233, score: 11.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 234, score: 14.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 235, score: 11.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 236, score: 22.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 237, score: 19.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 238, score: 0.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 239, score: 18.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 240, score: 13.59
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 241, score: 3.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 242, score: 10.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 243, score: 6.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 244, score: 27.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 245, score: -13.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 246, score: 5.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 247, score: 20.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 248, score: 6.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 249, score: 6.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 250, score: 10.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 251, score: 22.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 252, score: 7.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 253, score: 8.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 254, score: 14.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 255, score: 5.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 256, score: 7.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 257, score: 21.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 258, score: -11.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 259, score: 15.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 260, score: 16.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 261, score: 19.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 262, score: 13.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 263, score: 19.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 264, score: 10.40
learn
saving models
average score: 11
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 265, score: 23.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 266, score: 14.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 267, score: 16.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 268, score: 6.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 269, score: 9.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 270, score: 15.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 271, score: 14.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 272, score: 9.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 273, score: -0.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 274, score: 20.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 275, score: 17.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 276, score: 0.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 277, score: 20.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 278, score: 20.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 279, score: 14.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 280, score: 5.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 281, score: 8.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 282, score: 17.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 283, score: 10.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 284, score: 26.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 285, score: 17.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 286, score: 5.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 287, score: 9.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 288, score: 3.66
learn
saving models
average score: 13
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 289, score: 11.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 290, score: 19.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 291, score: 1.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 292, score: 14.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 293, score: 10.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 294, score: 10.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 295, score: 2.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 296, score: 8.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 297, score: 20.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 298, score: 2.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 299, score: 7.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 300, score: -0.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 301, score: 3.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 302, score: 19.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 303, score: -1.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 304, score: 0.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 305, score: -7.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 306, score: 8.78
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 307, score: 17.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 308, score: 11.55
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 309, score: 3.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 310, score: 26.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 311, score: 9.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 312, score: 19.16
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 313, score: 4.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 314, score: 12.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 315, score: -0.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 316, score: -2.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 317, score: 11.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 318, score: 14.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 319, score: 18.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 320, score: 8.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 321, score: 5.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 322, score: -0.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 323, score: 23.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 324, score: -4.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 325, score: -10.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 326, score: 3.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 327, score: 9.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 328, score: 13.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 329, score: 16.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 330, score: 0.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 331, score: 6.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 332, score: 20.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 333, score: 9.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 334, score: -0.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 335, score: 20.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 336, score: -2.67
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 337, score: 11.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 338, score: 15.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 339, score: 10.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 340, score: 8.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 341, score: 0.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 342, score: 16.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 343, score: 4.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 344, score: 21.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 345, score: 9.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 346, score: 7.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 347, score: 13.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 348, score: 5.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 349, score: 26.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 350, score: 22.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 351, score: 20.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 352, score: 19.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 353, score: 0.18
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 354, score: 20.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 355, score: 6.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 356, score: -0.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 357, score: -4.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 358, score: 19.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 359, score: 6.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 360, score: 16.54
learn
saving models
average score: 12
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 361, score: 16.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 362, score: -5.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 363, score: 13.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 364, score: -0.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 365, score: 11.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 366, score: 9.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 367, score: 18.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 368, score: 9.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 369, score: 12.55
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 370, score: 5.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 371, score: 15.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 372, score: 9.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 373, score: 6.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 374, score: 11.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 375, score: 8.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 376, score: 3.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 377, score: 18.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 378, score: 15.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 379, score: 10.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 380, score: 25.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 381, score: 23.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 382, score: -2.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 383, score: 22.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 384, score: 5.01
learn
saving models
average score: 11
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 385, score: -3.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 386, score: 17.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 387, score: 16.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 388, score: 7.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 389, score: 3.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 390, score: 13.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 391, score: 10.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 392, score: 7.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 393, score: 12.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 394, score: -0.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 395, score: -7.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 396, score: 4.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 397, score: 3.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 398, score: 14.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 399, score: 7.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 400, score: 10.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 401, score: 11.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 402, score: 13.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 403, score: -1.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 404, score: 29.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 405, score: 13.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 406, score: 20.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 407, score: 21.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 408, score: 19.02
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 409, score: 1.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 410, score: 3.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 411, score: -4.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 412, score: -4.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 413, score: 18.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 414, score: 13.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 415, score: 5.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 416, score: -7.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 417, score: 14.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 418, score: 8.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 419, score: 11.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 420, score: 2.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 421, score: -17.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 422, score: 24.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 423, score: 5.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 424, score: 13.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 425, score: 9.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 426, score: 30.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 427, score: 17.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 428, score: 12.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 429, score: -8.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 430, score: -10.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 431, score: 15.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 432, score: 16.02
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 433, score: 11.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 434, score: 27.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 435, score: -0.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 436, score: 22.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 437, score: 3.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 438, score: 24.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 439, score: 31.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 440, score: 19.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 441, score: 14.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 442, score: 3.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 443, score: 11.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 444, score: -11.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 445, score: 5.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 446, score: 10.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 447, score: 11.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 448, score: -11.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 449, score: 4.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 450, score: 11.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 451, score: -1.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 452, score: 10.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 453, score: 1.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 454, score: 5.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 455, score: -14.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 456, score: 11.82
learn
saving models
average score: 8
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 457, score: 25.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 458, score: -6.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 459, score: 14.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 460, score: 10.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 461, score: 11.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 462, score: 18.55
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 463, score: 18.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 464, score: 18.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 465, score: 3.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 466, score: 20.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 467, score: 17.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 468, score: 12.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 469, score: -3.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 470, score: -2.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 471, score: -5.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 472, score: 15.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 473, score: 14.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 474, score: 11.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 475, score: 0.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 476, score: 18.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 477, score: 11.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 478, score: 2.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 479, score: 1.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 480, score: -3.12
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 481, score: 22.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 482, score: 5.55
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 483, score: 4.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 484, score: 17.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 485, score: -5.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 486, score: 21.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 487, score: 14.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 488, score: 3.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 489, score: 5.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 490, score: 16.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 491, score: 6.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 492, score: 14.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 493, score: 14.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 494, score: 24.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 495, score: 27.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 496, score: 2.81
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 497, score: 1.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 498, score: 28.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 499, score: 7.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 500, score: -15.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 501, score: -14.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 502, score: -1.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 503, score: 7.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 504, score: 2.21
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 505, score: -16.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 506, score: 6.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 507, score: 25.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 508, score: 4.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 509, score: -3.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 510, score: 7.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 511, score: 10.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 512, score: 13.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 513, score: -6.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 514, score: 9.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 515, score: 9.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 516, score: -18.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 517, score: 26.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 518, score: 1.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 519, score: 14.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 520, score: 18.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 521, score: 29.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 522, score: 0.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 523, score: 3.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 524, score: 7.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 525, score: 15.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 526, score: -4.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 527, score: 3.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 528, score: 3.33
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 529, score: 2.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 530, score: 4.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 531, score: 29.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 532, score: 22.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 533, score: 14.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 534, score: 17.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 535, score: 10.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 536, score: 20.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 537, score: 6.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 538, score: 9.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 539, score: 20.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 540, score: 13.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 541, score: 10.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 542, score: 10.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 543, score: 14.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 544, score: 4.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 545, score: 6.36
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 546, score: 3.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 547, score: 14.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 548, score: 22.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 549, score: 7.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 550, score: 12.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 551, score: 10.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 552, score: 14.41
learn
saving models
average score: 13
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 553, score: 10.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 554, score: -0.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 555, score: 2.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 556, score: 8.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 557, score: 16.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 558, score: -0.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 559, score: 13.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 560, score: 10.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 561, score: 5.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 562, score: 10.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 563, score: -5.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 564, score: 20.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 565, score: 6.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 566, score: 4.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 567, score: 21.31
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 568, score: 15.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 569, score: 17.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 570, score: 6.18
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 571, score: -0.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 572, score: 24.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 573, score: -17.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 574, score: 23.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 575, score: 11.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 576, score: 2.68
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 577, score: 12.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 578, score: -0.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 579, score: -11.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 580, score: -3.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 581, score: 2.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 582, score: 6.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 583, score: -1.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 584, score: 6.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 585, score: -9.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 586, score: 11.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 587, score: 28.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 588, score: -3.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 589, score: -2.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 590, score: 12.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 591, score: 7.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 592, score: 12.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 593, score: -1.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 594, score: 24.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 595, score: 16.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 596, score: -0.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 597, score: 24.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 598, score: 9.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 599, score: 16.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 600, score: 16.37
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 601, score: 12.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 602, score: 12.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 603, score: 8.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 604, score: 33.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 605, score: 14.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 606, score: 16.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 607, score: 12.95
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 608, score: 16.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 609, score: -7.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 610, score: 9.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 611, score: 9.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 612, score: 19.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 613, score: 5.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 614, score: 33.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 615, score: 1.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 616, score: 7.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 617, score: 4.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 618, score: 11.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 619, score: -0.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 620, score: 23.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 621, score: 7.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 622, score: 8.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 623, score: -7.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 624, score: 4.77
learn
saving models
average score: 11
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 625, score: 3.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 626, score: 2.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 627, score: 25.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 628, score: 19.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 629, score: 22.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 630, score: 9.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 631, score: 11.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 632, score: 2.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 633, score: 8.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 634, score: 3.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 635, score: 8.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 636, score: 24.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 637, score: 4.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 638, score: 10.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 639, score: 22.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 640, score: 17.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 641, score: 10.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 642, score: 9.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 643, score: 19.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 644, score: 10.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 645, score: 5.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 646, score: 5.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 647, score: 18.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 648, score: 30.40
learn
saving models
average score: 13
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 649, score: 2.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 650, score: -16.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 651, score: 19.18
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 652, score: 0.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 653, score: 6.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 654, score: 17.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 655, score: -3.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 656, score: 10.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 657, score: 14.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 658, score: 20.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 659, score: -0.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 660, score: 7.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 661, score: 16.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 662, score: 11.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 663, score: 6.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 664, score: 13.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 665, score: 5.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 666, score: 5.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 667, score: 10.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 668, score: 18.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 669, score: -11.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 670, score: 7.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 671, score: 2.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 672, score: 24.86
learn
saving models
average score: 8
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 673, score: 7.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 674, score: -0.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 675, score: 14.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 676, score: 5.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 677, score: 4.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 678, score: 16.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 679, score: 1.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 680, score: 17.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 681, score: 15.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 682, score: -3.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 683, score: 14.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 684, score: -19.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 685, score: 18.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 686, score: 2.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 687, score: 10.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 688, score: 9.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 689, score: 5.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 690, score: 17.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 691, score: 15.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 692, score: 5.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 693, score: 8.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 694, score: 4.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 695, score: 8.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 696, score: -5.95
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 697, score: 11.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 698, score: 28.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 699, score: 7.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 700, score: 1.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 701, score: -6.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 702, score: 14.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 703, score: 1.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 704, score: -8.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 705, score: 4.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 706, score: -5.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 707, score: 9.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 708, score: 16.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 709, score: 17.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 710, score: 14.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 711, score: -0.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 712, score: 7.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 713, score: 17.81
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 714, score: 11.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 715, score: 12.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 716, score: 14.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 717, score: 2.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 718, score: 9.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 719, score: 20.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 720, score: 15.92
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 721, score: 10.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 722, score: 1.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 723, score: 19.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 724, score: 14.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 725, score: 10.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 726, score: -5.81
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 727, score: 0.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 728, score: 4.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 729, score: 15.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 730, score: 11.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 731, score: 1.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 732, score: -13.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 733, score: 3.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 734, score: 18.95
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 735, score: 2.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 736, score: 11.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 737, score: 5.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 738, score: 21.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 739, score: 3.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 740, score: 14.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 741, score: 13.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 742, score: 1.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 743, score: 15.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 744, score: 10.90
learn
saving models
average score: 8
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 745, score: -6.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 746, score: 21.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 747, score: 6.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 748, score: 28.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 749, score: 9.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 750, score: 3.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 751, score: 4.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 752, score: 9.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 753, score: -0.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 754, score: 6.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 755, score: 7.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 756, score: 18.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 757, score: 8.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 758, score: 16.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 759, score: 17.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 760, score: 0.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 761, score: -9.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 762, score: 15.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 763, score: 9.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 764, score: 11.09
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 765, score: 20.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 766, score: 4.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 767, score: 9.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 768, score: 14.60
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 769, score: 7.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 770, score: 15.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 771, score: 1.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 772, score: 0.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 773, score: -16.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 774, score: 8.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 775, score: 7.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 776, score: -16.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 777, score: 3.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 778, score: 16.78
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 779, score: 19.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 780, score: 5.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 781, score: 3.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 782, score: 18.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 783, score: -3.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 784, score: 6.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 785, score: -20.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 786, score: 2.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 787, score: 9.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 788, score: 13.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 789, score: -8.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 790, score: 10.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 791, score: 3.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 792, score: 17.57
learn
saving models
average score: 4
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 793, score: 11.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 794, score: -2.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 795, score: 12.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 796, score: 20.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 797, score: 2.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 798, score: 11.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 799, score: -16.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 800, score: 16.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 801, score: 12.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 802, score: 23.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 803, score: 20.95
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 804, score: 15.81
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 805, score: 16.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 806, score: 11.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 807, score: 17.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 808, score: -3.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 809, score: 0.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 810, score: 14.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 811, score: 17.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 812, score: 10.95
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 813, score: 5.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 814, score: 9.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 815, score: 1.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 816, score: 7.28
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 817, score: 6.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 818, score: 6.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 819, score: 25.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 820, score: -2.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 821, score: 1.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 822, score: 16.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 823, score: 5.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 824, score: 12.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 825, score: 17.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 826, score: 8.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 827, score: -1.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 828, score: 11.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 829, score: -11.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 830, score: 7.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 831, score: 11.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 832, score: 22.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 833, score: 15.95
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 834, score: 8.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 835, score: 1.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 836, score: 17.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 837, score: -0.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 838, score: 6.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 839, score: -2.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 840, score: 13.47
learn
saving models
average score: 8
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 841, score: -2.18
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 842, score: -3.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 843, score: 1.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 844, score: 24.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 845, score: -0.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 846, score: 14.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 847, score: 2.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 848, score: 16.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 849, score: -1.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 850, score: 11.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 851, score: 13.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 852, score: 3.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 853, score: 1.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 854, score: 15.97
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 855, score: 3.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 856, score: -7.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 857, score: 13.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 858, score: 7.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 859, score: 2.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 860, score: -2.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 861, score: 5.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 862, score: 17.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 863, score: -17.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 864, score: 28.32
learn
saving models
average score: 6
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 865, score: 1.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 866, score: 19.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 867, score: 19.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 868, score: 23.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 869, score: 3.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 870, score: 6.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 871, score: 6.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 872, score: 7.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 873, score: 23.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 874, score: 16.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 875, score: -10.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 876, score: 18.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 877, score: 3.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 878, score: 0.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 879, score: 12.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 880, score: 1.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 881, score: 20.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 882, score: 18.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 883, score: 0.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 884, score: -1.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 885, score: 17.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 886, score: 18.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 887, score: 9.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 888, score: 5.93
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 889, score: 14.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 890, score: 19.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 891, score: 9.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 892, score: 17.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 893, score: 17.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 894, score: 18.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 895, score: 0.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 896, score: -13.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 897, score: -13.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 898, score: 24.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 899, score: 15.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 900, score: -7.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 901, score: 10.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 902, score: 5.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 903, score: 14.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 904, score: -6.91
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 905, score: 7.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 906, score: 6.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 907, score: 25.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 908, score: 22.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 909, score: -5.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 910, score: -3.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 911, score: -11.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 912, score: 10.13
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 913, score: 23.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 914, score: -6.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 915, score: 22.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 916, score: 13.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 917, score: 28.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 918, score: 0.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 919, score: 27.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 920, score: 12.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 921, score: -10.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 922, score: 9.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 923, score: 0.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 924, score: -23.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 925, score: 15.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 926, score: 11.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 927, score: 26.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 928, score: 19.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 929, score: 1.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 930, score: 13.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 931, score: 5.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 932, score: 4.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 933, score: 11.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 934, score: 25.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 935, score: 0.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 936, score: 2.09
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 937, score: 20.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 938, score: 2.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 939, score: 11.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 940, score: 10.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 941, score: 14.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 942, score: 18.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 943, score: 9.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 944, score: 17.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 945, score: 5.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 946, score: 11.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 947, score: 14.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 948, score: 0.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 949, score: 16.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 950, score: -10.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 951, score: 9.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 952, score: 0.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 953, score: 24.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 954, score: 16.18
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 955, score: 8.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 956, score: 1.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 957, score: 15.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 958, score: 20.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 959, score: 15.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 960, score: 17.93
learn
saving models
average score: 11
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 961, score: 1.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 962, score: 0.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 963, score: 12.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 964, score: 11.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 965, score: 21.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 966, score: 8.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 967, score: 13.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 968, score: -10.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 969, score: 6.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 970, score: 8.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 971, score: 22.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 972, score: 5.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 973, score: -13.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 974, score: 12.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 975, score: 24.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 976, score: -0.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 977, score: -1.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 978, score: 9.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 979, score: 21.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 980, score: -9.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 981, score: -2.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 982, score: -5.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 983, score: 0.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 984, score: 16.46
learn
saving models
average score: 6
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 985, score: 0.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 986, score: 2.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 987, score: 7.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 988, score: 20.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 989, score: -7.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 990, score: 0.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 991, score: 8.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 992, score: 23.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 993, score: 8.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 994, score: 9.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 995, score: 16.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 996, score: -0.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 997, score: 22.27
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 998, score: 4.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 999, score: 0.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1000, score: 12.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1001, score: -2.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1002, score: 17.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1003, score: 26.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1004, score: 21.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1005, score: 10.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1006, score: 10.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1007, score: 5.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1008, score: 10.65
learn
saving models
average score: 10
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1009, score: 22.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1010, score: -7.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1011, score: 5.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1012, score: 6.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1013, score: -8.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1014, score: -1.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1015, score: -0.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1016, score: -19.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1017, score: 18.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1018, score: 2.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1019, score: 6.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1020, score: 8.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1021, score: 12.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1022, score: -6.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1023, score: 14.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1024, score: 16.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1025, score: -0.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1026, score: 17.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1027, score: 6.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1028, score: 6.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1029, score: 14.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1030, score: 12.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1031, score: 1.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1032, score: -4.42
learn
saving models
average score: 5
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1033, score: -11.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1034, score: 3.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1035, score: 16.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1036, score: 14.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1037, score: 11.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1038, score: 22.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1039, score: 2.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1040, score: 11.24
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1041, score: 22.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1042, score: -0.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1043, score: 8.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1044, score: 19.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1045, score: 2.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1046, score: 8.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1047, score: 16.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1048, score: 2.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1049, score: 16.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1050, score: -0.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1051, score: 19.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1052, score: -7.73
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1053, score: 4.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1054, score: 17.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1055, score: 26.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1056, score: -14.35
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1057, score: 11.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1058, score: 8.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1059, score: -5.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1060, score: 16.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1061, score: 9.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1062, score: -10.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1063, score: 8.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1064, score: -3.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1065, score: -6.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1066, score: 18.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1067, score: -0.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1068, score: 0.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1069, score: 12.95
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1070, score: 14.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1071, score: 5.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1072, score: 13.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1073, score: 2.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1074, score: 3.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1075, score: -1.23
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1076, score: 6.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1077, score: 5.42
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1078, score: 17.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1079, score: -0.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1080, score: 9.79
learn
saving models
average score: 6
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1081, score: 2.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1082, score: 30.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1083, score: 17.99
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1084, score: 26.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1085, score: -4.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1086, score: 6.32
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1087, score: 6.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1088, score: 3.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1089, score: 10.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1090, score: 1.63
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1091, score: -5.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1092, score: 11.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1093, score: 3.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1094, score: 13.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1095, score: 6.92
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1096, score: 13.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1097, score: -1.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1098, score: -31.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1099, score: 13.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1100, score: 7.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1101, score: 13.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1102, score: 8.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1103, score: 12.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1104, score: 0.12
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1105, score: 14.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1106, score: 14.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1107, score: 8.66
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1108, score: 11.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1109, score: 2.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1110, score: 20.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1111, score: 12.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1112, score: 11.25
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1113, score: 7.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1114, score: 5.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1115, score: -4.81
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1116, score: 2.52
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1117, score: 28.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1118, score: -6.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1119, score: 11.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1120, score: -20.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1121, score: 10.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1122, score: 2.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1123, score: 18.21
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1124, score: 13.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1125, score: -12.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1126, score: 26.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1127, score: 13.85
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1128, score: -10.19
learn
saving models
average score: 8
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1129, score: -1.46
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1130, score: 12.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1131, score: 12.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1132, score: 9.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1133, score: 8.69
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1134, score: 14.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1135, score: 6.41
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1136, score: -6.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1137, score: -7.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1138, score: 18.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1139, score: -0.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1140, score: 15.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1141, score: 15.00
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1142, score: 16.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1143, score: 2.30
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1144, score: 7.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1145, score: 4.03
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1146, score: 3.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1147, score: 5.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1148, score: 22.06
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1149, score: -3.04
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1150, score: -4.50
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1151, score: 11.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1152, score: 11.39
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1153, score: 14.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1154, score: 7.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1155, score: -5.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1156, score: -6.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1157, score: 2.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1158, score: 33.55
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1159, score: 5.44
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1160, score: 24.01
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1161, score: 15.98
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1162, score: 10.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1163, score: 8.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1164, score: 7.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1165, score: 0.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1166, score: 19.29
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1167, score: 4.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1168, score: 10.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1169, score: -3.56
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1170, score: 13.79
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1171, score: 5.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1172, score: -2.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1173, score: -10.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1174, score: 3.76
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1175, score: 3.64
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1176, score: 0.60
learn
saving models
average score: 7
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1177, score: 22.89
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1178, score: 14.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1179, score: 7.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1180, score: 1.93
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1181, score: 1.62
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1182, score: 16.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1183, score: 16.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1184, score: 2.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1185, score: 10.15
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1186, score: 13.87
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1187, score: 15.68
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1188, score: 2.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1189, score: 9.28
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1190, score: 0.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1191, score: 7.58
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1192, score: 7.45
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1193, score: 11.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1194, score: 4.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1195, score: 20.10
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1196, score: 9.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1197, score: -8.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1198, score: 20.49
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1199, score: 14.22
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1200, score: -7.00
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1201, score: 17.80
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1202, score: -3.17
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1203, score: 9.05
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1204, score: -14.13
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1205, score: 2.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1206, score: 17.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1207, score: 22.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1208, score: 4.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1209, score: 2.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1210, score: -11.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1211, score: 19.47
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1212, score: -1.51
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1213, score: 10.40
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1214, score: 16.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1215, score: 2.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1216, score: 14.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1217, score: 18.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1218, score: 13.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1219, score: 10.70
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1220, score: 17.88
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1221, score: 19.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1222, score: 11.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1223, score: 0.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1224, score: 16.46
learn
saving models
average score: 9
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1225, score: 21.43
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1226, score: -11.53
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1227, score: 0.75
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1228, score: 9.19
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1229, score: -10.72
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1230, score: 0.77
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1231, score: 17.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1232, score: 13.07
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1233, score: -15.38
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1234, score: 1.78
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1235, score: -6.65
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1236, score: 7.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1237, score: 28.14
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1238, score: 8.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1239, score: 6.57
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1240, score: 21.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1241, score: 0.54
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1242, score: -0.82
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1243, score: 5.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1244, score: 4.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1245, score: 14.37
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1246, score: 9.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1247, score: 18.20
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1248, score: 4.61
learn
saving models
average score: 6
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1249, score: 2.26
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1250, score: 0.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1251, score: 8.16
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1252, score: 24.81
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1253, score: 9.96
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1254, score: 23.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1255, score: 11.84
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1256, score: 17.08
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1257, score: 17.83
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1258, score: 27.11
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1259, score: 9.67
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1260, score: 15.60
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1261, score: -6.02
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1262, score: -5.81
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1263, score: 19.59
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1264, score: 19.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1265, score: 1.71
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1266, score: 3.94
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1267, score: 17.90
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1268, score: 10.95
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1269, score: 17.48
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1270, score: 19.39
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1271, score: 2.74
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1272, score: 2.83
learn
saving models
average score: 11
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1273, score: 8.61
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1274, score: 13.35
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1275, score: 17.12
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1276, score: -7.34
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1277, score: 22.86
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1278, score: 10.33
learn
saving models
 Retrying in 1 seconds
episode: 1279, score: -4.60